.github/learningGit.md, before:

I added this sentence to the file in GitHub. 


I added this sentence to the beginning of the file



Using Git
Familiarize yourself with Git by visiting the official Git project site and reading the ProGit book. You can also review the Git command list.

Using GitHub
GitHub Skills offers free interactive courses that are built into GitHub with instant automated feedback and help. Learn to open your first pull request, make your first open source contribution, create a GitHub Pages site, and more. For more information about course offerings, see GitHub Skills.

Become better acquainted with GitHub through our getting started articles. See our GitHub flow for a process introduction. Refer to our overview guides to walk through basic concepts.

You can connect with developers around the world to ask and answer questions, learn, and interact directly with GitHub staff. To get the conversation started, see "GitHub Community Support."

Branches, forks, and pull requests
Learn about Git branching using an interactive tool. Read about forks and pull requests as well as how we use pull requests at GitHub. Access references about using GitHub from the command line.

Training
Free courses
GitHub offers a series of interactive, on-demand training courses including Introduction to GitHub; and courses on GitHub specific tools such as GitHub Actions.

GitHub's web-based educational programs
GitHub offers live trainings with a hands-on, project-based approach for those who love the command line and those who don't.

Training for your company
GitHub offers in-person classes taught by our highly-experienced educators. Contact us to ask your training-related questions.

Extras
An interactive online Git course from Pluralsight has seven levels with dozens of exercises in a fun game format. Feel free to adapt our .gitignore templates to meet your needs.

Extend your GitHub reach through integrations, or by installing GitHub Desktop and the robust Visual Studio Code text editor.

Learn how to launch and grow your open source project with the Open Source Guides.


I added this sentence to the bottom of the file.

Commit message:

I added a new file in the newbranch

.github/learningGit.md, after:

I added this sentence to the file in GitHub. 
I also added this sentence to the file in GitHub.


I added this sentence to the beginning of the file



Using Git
Familiarize yourself with Git by visiting the official Git project site and reading the ProGit book. You can also review the Git command list.

Using GitHub
GitHub Skills offers free interactive courses that are built into GitHub with instant automated feedback and help. Learn to open your first pull request, make your first open source contribution, create a GitHub Pages site, and more. For more information about course offerings, see GitHub Skills.

Become better acquainted with GitHub through our getting started articles. See our GitHub flow for a process introduction. Refer to our overview guides to walk through basic concepts.

You can connect with developers around the world to ask and answer questions, learn, and interact directly with GitHub staff. To get the conversation started, see "GitHub Community Support."

Branches, forks, and pull requests
Learn about Git branching using an interactive tool. Read about forks and pull requests as well as how we use pull requests at GitHub. Access references about using GitHub from the command line.

Training
Free courses
GitHub offers a series of interactive, on-demand training courses including Introduction to GitHub; and courses on GitHub specific tools such as GitHub Actions.

GitHub's web-based educational programs
GitHub offers live trainings with a hands-on, project-based approach for those who love the command line and those who don't.

Training for your company
GitHub offers in-person classes taught by our highly-experienced educators. Contact us to ask your training-related questions.

Extras
An interactive online Git course from Pluralsight has seven levels with dozens of exercises in a fun game format. Feel free to adapt our .gitignore templates to meet your needs.

Extend your GitHub reach through integrations, or by installing GitHub Desktop and the robust Visual Studio Code text editor.

Learn how to launch and grow your open source project with the Open Source Guides.


I added this sentence to the bottom of the file.
